# 7/11/2019

Boris is a very good physicist and friend. He cares me a lot. He told me do not rush in research. The most important thing for scientist is the reputation. Be careful of what I am doing. "You must be very clear about what you are doing. Otherwise you make mistakes and you waste your time. And you will lose your reputation. Don't be rush, before you publish something you have about one month to write. I wish you check every line of your code and make sure there is no mistakes. You need to write everything you did in your research, very thoroughly, don't be afraid that you write too much more that you need, if it is unnecessary we can delete it later. Well if you realize your mistakes after you publish it, it may be pointed out by others later or you find it by yourself. And you lose your reputation."

Today I also met with my boss Prof. Uwe, who pays me the money for more than a year. He is a professor in mechanica engineering department. Prof. Uwe came with his students Toshi and Ze... and there is another professor but I forgot his name. They are interested in the charging process of nanoparticles inside plasma. They told us (me and Boris) that for plasma people, they stop at the surface of the particles which made up a plasma. Basically, they think of every particle as metallic like, and they never think about the level of "solid", they don't even consider about the dielectric constant of different nanoparticles. However, in their experiment they find something interesting. For different materials they behave quite differently under the external pulsing (they call tunneling?). For one material (I forgot their chemical compounds) with dielectric constant 1200, they distribute very smoothly inside the chamber (maybe it has different name?). But for another material with dielectric constant like 4 or so, the particles aggregate together. They still don't understand why different materials will behave quite differently. There is a theory about it, but both Uwe and Boris are suspicious of this theory. I need to look at this theory latter and give my own comment. 

There are some questions they want to ask us. Is this theory correct? If it is not, then we may make up our own theory. The theory is about electron will be trapped as a bound state on the surface of the particle. This bound state is created by the Coulomb potential produced by the image charge inside the particle (well the electron can not live inside the particle for some reasons).

Boris told me work hard, so that I may be able to get a recommendation letter from Prof. Uwe. Prof. Uwe is a very famous scientist in his field. His letter is good for me if I want to get a position in either academy or industry. Boris also teach me something about why I need to collaborate with other professors and students, especially experimentalists. I need 3 letters to get a job. For example, Han got a letter from Prof. Uwe and she is at U Chicago right now. Anyway he cares about my career a lot, I am very grateful for Boris.